# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `extreme_edge_cases`  
**Scheduled**: 01-28-19 23:11:00  
**Revision**: 37ea73199f2be2ddf9376215cf6d759e9f07b8e9  
**Score**: **11.0** out of **27.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**implementationASCII**: Test that camelCaser correctly handles various ASCII characters  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**implementationCorrectCapitals**: Test that camelCaser returns sentences with the correct capitalization  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**implementationCorrectNumberSentences**: Test that camelCaser returns an array with the correct number of elements  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**implementationCorrectNumberWords**: Test that camelCaser returns an array with elements that are the correct length  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**implementationIncompleteSentences**: Test that camelCaser returns output where incomplete sentences are ignored  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**implementationLastElementNull**: Test that camelCaser returns an array that is null terminated  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**Memory**: Memory test for your camelCaser and destroy (you must pass implementation tests to get full points here)  
**2.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**implementationMultiplePunc**: Test that camelCaser returns a correct array with edge case punctuation and spaces  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**implementationNull**: Test that camelCaser returns NULL when given NULL  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**implementationStressTest**: Stress tests your camelCaser implementation  
**1.0** out of **1.0** points
```
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**Unit Tests**: Testing your unit tests...  
**0.0** out of **16.0** points
```
cc_correct.c:1:0: warning: "_GNU_SOURCE" redefined
 #define _GNU_SOURCE
 ^
<command-line>:0:0: note: this is the location of the previous definition
camelCaser_tests.c:12:34: fatal error: camelCaser_ref_utils.h: No such file or directory
compilation terminated.
make: *** [camelCaser_tests.o] Error 1
```
### Checksums

bc79c9171426e8f89bec662a25ad5178f75dda51 camelCaser.c  
3845f9829c6ee05ef8ac3e211a8d96ac654b8538 camelCaser_tests.c


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


