# Assignment Feedback

### Summary

**Assignment**: `nonstop_networking`  
**Scheduled**: 04-15-19 18:12:00  
**Revision**: 0d1daf5b7993cbe77d7b3c1d97fdffb92e297a24  
**Score**: **2.0** out of **20.0** points

### Test Cases
---

**invalid_delete_test**: Tests that we cannot delete invalid files  
**2.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**invalid_get_test**: Tests that we cannot get invalid files  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Did not find the correct output
```
---

**memory_test**: Tests for no memory errors or leaks (depends on: PUT)  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
==23== Memcheck, a memory error detector
==23== Copyright (C) 2002-2015, and GNU GPL'd, by Julian Seward et al.
==23== Using Valgrind-3.11.0 and LibVEX; rerun with -h for copyright info
==23== Command: ./client 127.0.0.1:49500 PUT testfile.c testcommon.c
==23== 
==23== 
==23== HEAP SUMMARY:
==23==     in use at exit: 552 bytes in 1 blocks
==23==   total heap usage: 13 allocs, 12 frees, 41,624 bytes allocated
==23== 
==23== LEAK SUMMARY:
==23==    definitely lost: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==23==    indirectly lost: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==23==      possibly lost: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==23==    still reachable: 552 bytes in 1 blocks
==23==         suppressed: 0 bytes in 0 blocks
==23== Reachable blocks (those to which a pointer was found) are not shown.
==23== To see them, rerun with: --leak-check=full --show-leak-kinds=all
==23== 
==23== For counts of detected and suppressed errors, rerun with: -v
==23== ERROR SUMMARY: 0 errors from 0 contexts (suppressed: 0 from 0)
Passed memory, but uploaded file content does not match original
```
---

**too_little_data_test**: Tests that we recognize when there is not enough data sent (requires PUT to work)  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**too_much_data_test**: Tests that we recognize when there is too much data sent (requires PUT to work)  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
```
---

**valid_delete_test**: Tests that we can delete valid files (requires PUT to work)  
**0.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Did not find the correct output
```
---

**valid_get_test**: Tests that we can get valid files from the server (requires PUT to work)  
**0.0** out of **3.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Uploaded file content does not match original
```
---

**valid_list_test**: Tests that we can LIST files (requires PUT to work)  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Did not find the correct output
```
---

**valid_put_test**: Tests that we can put valid files  
**0.0** out of **2.0** points
```
Trying to compile your code...
Successfully compiled your code.
Uploaded file content does not match original
```
### Checksums

565eaf903d854e11a0dbc446b0500f95e0292b2b client.c  
a3567d470c585758298728ecc7144c9313b43889 common.c  
174f242060158f3df5d71f80a8290a987060c2f7 common.h


### Disclaimer
If this is a pre-deadline autograde, this a preliminary measurement of your grade.
If this is after the deadline, this is your final grade for the assignment.
Your grade may change up or down based on the correctness of your program.
We make every effort to ensure that our autograder is 'smart' enough to not count off
for simple things like grammar but, in doing so, we may inadvertently allow for
incorrect code to be counted as correct.
If we have to change our script to better reflect the correctness of your program,
we will run the script on every testcase and update every student's output to ensure fairness.



### Academic Integrity
Cheating is taken very seriously in CS 241 and all cases of cheating will be brought to the University, your department, and your college.
You should understand how academic integrity applies to Computer Science courses.
If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your first offense then you will lose all points for the assignment and your final course
grade will be lowered by one whole letter grade. If you are caught cheating on an assignment and it was your second offense then you will automatically fail the course.
Rule of Thumb - If at any point you submit an assignment that does not reflect your understanding of the material, then you have probably cheated.
Additionally, you may not publish your solutions or leave them in 'plain view' thereby leaving your programs open to copying, which constitutes cheating.
If your code or a variation of it is found publicly accessible, then you will receive a letter grade reduction for each assignment.
For example, if we find your code on GitHub for one MP then you will receive a letter grade reduction. 2 letter grades for 2 assignments and so on.
If you are confused on what it means to be 'publicly accessible', then do not put your code anywhere besides official submissions and take measures
to ensure that nobody can copy your code, so that you are not charged with a violation.


